# Scrum-Workings
This is a repository that is used for the sole purpose of allowing people to read a Review/Retrospective that I wrote for the fictitious company, SNHU Travel, which was created by Southern New Hampshire University.
This repository is also used to view a Microsoft Power Point Presentation about the Scrum-Agile Framework.

User Stories are used to interpret many needs of the working environment. They can tell you what is needed functionally, and they can also tell you what needs to be done before you can implement other things. They are useful in many different ways. I work on programs incrementally, and I make sure that they have everything that is wanted by the user! I hope to incorporate ALL teachings of Scrum, at least until something better is conceptualized! The biggest question is: What does it mean to be a good team member in software development? It means A WHOLE LOT. If you are not a productive member of the software development life cycle, can you even can you even consider yourself a part of a team? I don't believe that you can. I think the most underrated part of being a part of the team is the actual interactions that you NEED AND HAVE to have with other members of the team. Being a team player means that you are willing to learn and teach as you are needed to! Being a good member of a software development team means that you take into consideration all the things that need to happen to make things easier for every single person that is going to be working alongside you, and to make things easier for anyone that may look at your work after you are gone! Overall, it is best just be helpful and understanding!
Thank You.
-Douglas Bolden
